#13 jvictor 0  24-OCT-88  10:16 Jeff Victor
 Sue, as the son of a 'veteran educator' (my mother's been teaching 
 K-3 for about 20 years), I was really happy to see your item here. 
 Going thru college, I was always asked "How can I use computers in 
 my Kindergarten class".  At that point in their education, that's no
 easy question.  Even after they can write, the opportunities are
 still limited.  But all that conferencing takes is the ability to
 read/write, and a desire to communicate.  And just think what could
 be done if children from different parts of the U.S. could share 
 real life experiences with each other!!  And 'foreign' language 
 classes, hooked up to a class where that language is *not* foreign!
 If only I had that chance, to have a foreign pen pal to 'speak' to
 once a day...
#14 demo01_ 0  25-OCT-88  0:37 Sue Anderson
 Jeff, we have had a little bit of experience with connecting
 kids from Virginia with kids in Alaska.  At UVA teachers in
 the local schools can get accounts on our e-mail system.  The
 accounts are either on a Prime or on an IBM mainframe.  Those
 who have accounts on the Prime also have access to Caucus and thus
 can use Kidlink.  Regardless of which system they are using, all
 have the opportunity to register for BITNET, which is very
 nicely integrated into our e-mail system (and is very easy to
 use, at least on the Prime).  One of the teachers who was using
 Kidlink (Ms. W) also discovered a teacher in Alaska who had
 a BITNET account, and her students were able to communicate with
 the kids in Alaska.  It was a super experience. 
#15 demo01_ 0  09-JAN-89  22:38 Sue Anderson
 Gosh, I was re-reading through some of this item just now and realized how 
 much more deeply involved in Caucus I have become since I started 
 participating in this network!  My interest in using telecom. in 
 education, and especially in computer conferencing (starting with Kidlink 
 and a few other things) has broadened quite a bit in a short time.  Very 
 soon I will start helping with the Caucus manager role, and I am now 
 organizer of several newly created (or soon to be initiated) conferences 
 on our system (this is good for me?? I think so!).  Anyway, my point is to 
 say how marvelous this network is in terms of 1) the amount of information 
 contained here, 2) the example that is set (in regard to how to make 
 conferencing work well), and 3) the support that is provided.  'Course I 
 don't need to tell you all that ... but I want to say "thanks" to everyone 
 for makin' it work - sure have learned alot here about how to make Caucus 
 fly!!
#16 lisa 0  09-JAN-89  22:52 Lisa Kimball
 Hey, and you *know* it's always motivating for us to hear good feedback
 like this.  It's the great pleasure of being in this business to get
 to work with folks like you!
#17 scott 0  10-JAN-89  10:37 Scott Burns
 We're glad you're enjoying yourself Sue!  And we'll see you soon at
 Caucus Caucus.
#18 demo01_ 0  13-JAN-89  2:28 Sue Anderson
+3 19 1201
 Yeah, I am really lookin' forward to meeting f-to-f :-) ... Lots is going
 on with Caucus here ... setting up new conferences, reorganizing old ones
 and trying to get it set up half-way decent by next week when students
 return and classes begin (ug!).  On Tues. we finally met with the
 systems engineer who installed CV2 and got our access rights and
 figured out how to do things and fixed a bunch of stuff that has long
 needed to be done!
 
 And today I met with Judi Harris (of the Teacher-link
 project) and we set up a new conference for teachers in the county school
 system that she will organize.  Then, in my new role as Caucus manager I
 managed to wipe out the mdtext0 file while I was trying to download it
 using (incorrectly, i forgot how) the ftp transfer program (ouch!) but
 fearless system engineer came to the rescue and restored it with a backup
 less confusing and safer) way with Kermit.  We've jumped over quite a few
 hurdles in the last week and I am still a bit breathless ... sure hope
 all this activity will lead to some really beneficial applications for the
 profs, teachers, and students (both university and public school) that
 will hopefully see fit to use it.
#19 demo01_ 0  28-SEP-89  17:57 Sue Anderson
 I think it was a last year on this day (9/28) that I first signed
 on to Metanet... Use of Caucus at UVA had died down to almost nothing. 
 A year later... WOW!  What a difference... Recently we've had a 
 few days where we've come close to 200 logins on one day!  People
 are now coming to ME to ask me to teach them (or their class) how
 to use Caucus!!  Wanna thank all you folks here... we never would
 have known how to start without the knowledge, experience, and support
 gained here on Metanet :-) :-) :-)
#20 lisa 0  28-SEP-89  18:09 Lisa Kimball
 You just made our day, Sue! <grin>  
